Fortonet Fortigate CRTX-121790 Modeling Rules Minor Fix (#35915)
demisto/content: Packs/FortiGate/ReleaseNotes/2_0_4.md

#### Modeling Rules

##### Fortinet FortiGate Modeling Rule

> - Fixed an issue which caused the fields `xdm.source.host.ipv6_addresses` and `xdm.network.rule` to be populated with an empty string instead of a *null* value on cases there was no target value to be mapped to them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue which caused the fields `xdm.source.host.ipv6_addresses` and `xdm.network.rule` to be populated with an empty string instead of a *null* value in cases where there was no target value to be mapped to them.
```
